minor additions to TS chapter (#19)
worldline/angular-training: docs/src/typescript/README.md

Enums are a feature added to JavaScript by TypeScript which allows for describing a value which could be one of a set of possible named constants. Unlike most TypeScript features, this is not a type-level addition to JavaScript but something added to the language and runtime. Because of this, it’s a feature which you should know exists, but maybe hold off on using unless you are sure. You can read more about enums in the [Enum reference page](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/enums.html).
:::

### const, let and var

Typescript allows to define two types of variables:

> - mutalbe variables which are declared using the `let` keyword. The legacy `var` keyword can also be used but is not recommended because of its way of handling scope can be misleading.

Reviewer: petite correction d'anglais:

```suggestion
- Mutable variables which are declared using the `let` keyword. The legacy `var` keyword can also be used but is not recommended because its way of handling scope can be misleading.
```

Author: done

> - Immutable variables or constants are declared with `const`. Please note that fields of constats can still be modified.

Reviewer: petite correction d'anglais:
```suggestion
- Immutable variables or constants are declared with `const`. Please note that fields of constants can still be modified, constants just can't be reassigned.
```

Author: done
